Document feedback restrictions for private repos (#3191)
mintlify/docs: deploy/github.mdx

### Feedback add-ons are unavailable

The **edit suggestions** and **raise issues** feedback features are only available for public GitHub repositories. If these options are disabled in your dashboard, check your repository visibility.

<Info>
  These features are intentionally restricted to public repositories to protect your source code and internal documentation structure. When a repository becomes private, these features are automatically disabled.
</Info>

> If your repository is public but you still cannot enable these features, revalidate your Git settings:

Author: ```suggestion
The edit suggestions and raise issues feedback features are only available for public GitHub repositories. If these options are disabled in your dashboard, check your repository visibility.

If your repository is public and you cannot enable the edit suggestions or raise issues options in your dashboard, revalidate your Git settings.
```
